Reorganize docs, add codepen examples (#1691)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/api-reference-widgets.md

```jsx
uiSchema: {
  a_date: {
    "alt-datetime": {
      "ui:widget": "alt-datetime",
      "ui:options": {
        yearsRange: [1980, 2030],
        hideNowButton: true,
        hideClearButton: true,
      },
    },
  },
},
```

#### For `number` and `integer` fields

  * `updown`: an `input[type=number]` updown selector;
  * `range`: an `input[type=range]` slider;
  * `radio`: a radio button group with enum values. This can only be used when `enum` values are specified for this input.
  * By default, a regular `input[type=text]` element is used.

> Note: If JSONSchema's `minimum`, `maximum` and `multipleOf` values are defined, the `min`, `max` and `step` input attributes values will take those values.

## Hidden widgets

It's possible to use a hidden widget for a field by setting its `ui:widget` uiSchema directive to `hidden`:

```js
const schema = {
  type: "object",
  properties: {
    foo: {type: "boolean"}
  }
};

const uiSchema = {
  foo: {"ui:widget": "hidden"}
};
```

Notes:

 - Hiding widgets is only supported for `boolean`, `string`, `number` and `integer` schema types;
 - A hidden widget takes its value from the `formData` prop.

## File widgets

> This library supports a limited form of `input[type=file]` widgets, in the sense that it will propagate file contents to form data state as [data-url](http://dataurl.net/#about)s.

Author: ```suggestion
This library supports a limited form of `input[type=file]` widgets, in the sense that it will propagate file contents to form data state as [data-url](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Data_URIs)s.
```
